let's start with these
questions, let's see. It's just that today they
told me through an earpiece that it's been
two years since the docuseries, not on the day of the
trailer. Do you remember that we met
talking about the subject of the day of the trailer,
we met? Well, we write to each other,
no. I mean, we don't chat like we used to in the
Terra chats,
what Plato said in that. No, look,
count the days you have left, oh no, let's see.
Marina told me before, while
we were in the intro, she said almost
two years because I don't because I don't know,
I know perfectly well
March 21st and the 16th, so many times, so
many videos that we've released, better than
some of my family's birthdays, eh,
careful, eh. It doesn't surprise me, but I mean, it's
so strong that it's been two years, give or take a day,
of, of,
The day that Antonio David, and I've also
seen the clip, there's tesa,
can she really be prettier, thank you for existing.
How pretty you really are, exercise,
excited, it's that tiredness makes one
stupid, listen to me, please, I
saw the other day  on Twitter
when Antonio David showed him that
trailer for Rocío contrarres telling the
truth I don't even know what I'm saying telling the
truth to stay alive and we talked about it what
happens is I don't remember what it was like It was I
think it was something of himself in the
miniature
but of course it was brutal because the two
three minutes of silence from Antonia on
television okay Well on
television and what that meant because of the
ambush they made him that
everyone on the Sálvame show saw it and he was
like the last one he's very
good on television but those faces are I mean for me
it was television history and of course
then it was a history of destruction not
what came he would have imagined at that moment
he would never have imagined what was
in store for him
the following week because it
wasn't even at the time or anything it was like
the following week I'll tell you one
thing Look exactly there it was from
the broadcast of chapter 0 I remember
perfectly perfectly also I
published it the reason that I already started there
I already started to explain myself
also on a personal level and I know that look that
from the  producer they leaked to me the
subject that Rocío had dropped some
lawsuits they leaked to me in the agreement
that evidently in that verbal agreement
was Antonio David here he can't
continue And so it was is that I remember that I
published it before it happened You only
have your confirmed
as it is not written in because what did
come out in one of the sentences was
denied by Carlota Of course of course or who denied it
I don't remember but no I did not have that
information to confirm
I remember In fact in the first video
that I made of the docuseries The first
video that I made of the first episode
there I comment on it and I think I
even put a screenshot of the headline but then
like that they wouldn't deny it between five
surely and of course then in the first
sentence what does come out written in the
sentence is
agree to drop the lawsuit then of
course that's why I that they denied it
someone denied me that also I said I
was getting impotent because of course you
couldn't reveal the Source either I couldn't
I was like please anyway I'm
looking for the video and look what comes out the most
Here do you remember a year ago Look mother
of the love of God Pancracio of the love of
art and divine
and over here over here This video look this
is the video the dirty play with Antonio
David Flores This was when I started watching
the blonde, me from Rubio pollete which can be
seen very well here but then in person
Well they sat everyone down and Mira himself they
jumped on the collaborators they
showed him the trailer okay
that same day okay I'm remembering on that same
day here on that same day he was
talking about how he was going to defend
Olga to survivor of course I remember I
remember
row 13 14 also Olga that they
hired her for survivor while
this was being brewing But of
course that was a complete set up
and besides I don't know that I don't
know To what extent once
the pre-contract was signed And then the
contract To what extent can it be
backed out because there would be a
penalty Fat I imagine that I
imagine that if things hadn't been considered
no but
but it was strong and the truth is that
Olga in survivor no matter how much they
pay you I don't doubt it to endure
emotionally psychologically that
Imagine now in  Spain Well imagine yourself in
Honduras totally isolated and let's remember
the little jokes about he doesn't have a [ __ ] Sorry I don't
know if you can say the little jokes they
played on him there then I want to tell you to be
careful eh I mean be careful with that that
was anyway very strong The thing about
this program is that it does
n't notify me of the members it doesn't notify me
And then Many times it freaks me out
because I don't want to be ungrateful to
Rome it has given me 50 members 50
members I want what do I have to do or
no I don't have time anymore I don't have
time anymore no
my son a huge kiss we love you do you
want me to eat your hat or something
A kiss King 50 members 50
your membership is there all the time now it's
my membrane member yes yes yes yes What
madness What madness let's listen to let's
listen to what Loli
Céspedes said precisely
a little while before Antonio Viví they
put on the trailer and before people find out
about this documentary because nobody knew
anything no well nobody knew anything no
the public didn't know what I don't know look
how they kept it a secret before
put the clip look at how they handled it
that we didn't find out it wasn't leaked I mean
some media always leak some
things because we found out so much before
such a program prepares I don't know what about
signing nothing nothing I mean this was I think
the best kept secret in the history
of Telecinco And look at me man
obviously Anaís that I had a
relationship with her because we were
about to work together on another
program and such we had always
gotten along obviously I wasn't going to
leak it but let's say that so so so so so
few knew that it was so
strong that we found out all of Spain we were
left with our mouths open that the
day we saw that trailer it was like you know I
mean it changed completely The story has been
recorded it
was recorded of course when we already
found out
established the script with consensual
prepared recorded edited I mean of
course they had been there for months and months and months and
Antonio David zaide as the
guinea pig arrived I think he had been there for
a year and a half a year and a half Of course
since since Rocío Carrasco didn't in
her last reports said here for The
legal No well let's go for it  media
no Of course of course it also coincides
with the fact that they had been walking around with
the papers there with two thousand pages
they said that
Kiko Matamoro said it and Belén didn't say it
María Patiño and Kiko Matamoros eh we
know that Rocío and Fidel have been
walking around several important offices
of some media outlets to see who will do the
subject damn look they did it right there no
and look no no come on come on I mean Oh
look renew with the
iPhone
a kiss Raquel I don't know why I don't know why
but well whoever can become a
member and whoever doesn't it's okay but
whoever can become a member I think it's
only a euro okay tell me tell me
queen no before
people go what nonsense are you talking
but before you put the clip
well don't put the clip it's not
relevant then he commented on it because
people are going to say yes yes Come on come on
please
[Music]
Here Antonio David I see the attitude
of a
friend of Rocío Carrasco they lived in
Badalona and they had it there
when it starts let's
see okay here comes the
director to send them to  shut up and
change the subject, I mean tell
me why can't they
talk about the subject, I mean if of course you already knew
thoughts that was it I wanted to put
another clip but he didn't pick it up But well there was there's
another son you count the days you count the
days you have very
few days left then they did the
extra stupid thing of blindfolding him with frienti
which is deadly because even They're like
joking with him Today the internet I had that it is
Today YouTube is a little stupid they
're telling me here but that's
yours no Or it's not that I see it okay along the
way things have happened that we couldn't
moderate that I couldn't be here today I had
a little stupid but yes yes let's see here was
the pear one they blindfolded
Antonio David and the pear one started how to
play it like this to see if you see like a
man if you think you have an
abuser on set No no that's the
game it's not the deal okay But you
think they cared
total total making a game then there's
the moment when they put the trailer
that we have to see here on
Twitter
please it is  that's it that's it
[Music]
addictive history of television and at
the same time how strong it is that they uploaded it I
tell you yesterday eh or the day before yesterday I have
seen it I have not seen it three times in a row I
say my goodness this not the save me that
changed history no
here it is that is the image but that is
the image of the day but
No it is not this
all of them are
history
Ah
from building up to going alive
is that you do not put it look
here when they put the bandages on her this that I just
mentioned to you
and the trailer this they
paid her a lot for this the first
question was terrible eh I think it's
the minor they paid her a lot to tell
the truth to stay alive it
's brutal the first question expensive but
he doesn't know what comes to him but now he has
seen in hindsight it's a mess You know
why you worry first about
how much they paid him let's see if she gets
paid because you get paid You don't I mean they get
paid Well a little bit more a little bit
more but well yes I suppose that's it the
truth is that it was but well these
words were after three minutes
of silence
or so three minutes her truth  to keep making
money they
tell him not to go there you
see Laura fa Laura fa she is
telling him quietly I'm not going to say more
because I don't want to be wrong
but a storm is coming and so much
that I would be thinking eh Let's see the truth
that the face gives a little of my edit of
scare eh I mean it moves you a little it
moves you a little of
course let's see if he has been, they have been I mean
he has already been seeing
During the years that they were
investigating him I have not been seeing
where the thing is going not the types of
arguments they make and so on then of
course he already imagines that she is
going to go he can imagine what he would
not imagine is so much and that
in addition the network was going to collaborate in the
manipulation because maybe he
thought Well he is going to call me an
abuser but here there will never be
debate Of
course
well Anthony abis is very intelligent do
you believe No I don't know to what
extent man what was going to happen of
course I think nobody imagined it
neither he nor anyone but I don't know to what
extent I want to tell you it was a bit of a
surprise or it was not so much a surprise because it is that
I do not  I can believe that on a
network you're working there and nobody, I
mean because it was a brutal, it's
a brutal lock. I mean, at a level
that I want to tell you that
two years have passed or it has
flown by or but I want to tell you to be careful
because I always call it Hurricane Rocío
Carrasco but it is Hurricane Rocío
Carrasco because the hurricane and the
consequences that it has left behind
are that of course so many television levels,
at a social level, at the level of the
gossip press, at the level
of audiences that for me it has
evidently contributed to what there is now at the level
of politics, at the level
of polarization, at the level of guys that
Spain, I mean, it's an I think that never or I don't
know what you think but I think I've
never seen in the gossip press
on television something of such
magnitude. I mean, that people on the
street talk more about that than anything
else or that or that a topic
of the heart takes you that makes you irritated
to that point, that people block themselves, that they get angry, that they
shout, be it
[Music]